| Key | Value                                                        |
| --- |--------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 6-05-2025                                                  |
| Time: | 14:20 - 14:50                                               |
| Location: | Currently Unknown                      |
| Chair: | Calin-Mihai Olaru                                           |
| Minute Taker: | Mihai-Valentin Nicolae                               |
| Attendees: | George-Matei Andrei, Horia-Andrei Botezatu, Serban Orza, Yigit Çolakoğlu|

## Agenda Items:
1. Opening by chair

2. Check-in: How is everyone doing?

3. Are there any announcements by the TA?

4. Are there any announcements by the team?

5. Showcase design + current implementation to TA 

6. Discuss the following points:
    - What we have done so far (UI, NTPlib, database)
    - Seek guidance from TA on how to properly test the database (Any mocking libraries in Python? In-memory DB?)
    - Seek guidance from TA on how to properly build the pipeline
    - Midterm presentation (we prefer having it in week 6 ASAP)
    - Seek feedback on our progress so far
    - Ask about booking rooms in Drebbelweg (if no response yet)
    - What is next for the project? (Consult project plan)

7. Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?

8. Closure
