| Key | Value                                                                                                               |
| --- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 17-06-2025                                                                                                          |
| Time: | 13:50                                                                                                               |
| Location: | Room Lovelace                                                                                                       |
| Chair: | Calin-Mihai Olaru                                                                                                   |
| Minute Taker: | Mihai-Valentin Nicolae                                                                                              |
| Attendees: | George-Matei Andrei, Horia-Andrei Botezatu, Serban Orza, Mihai-Valentin Nicolae, Calin-Mihai Olaru, Yigit Çolakoğlu |

## Agenda Items:
1. Opening by chair

2. Check-in: How is everyone doing?

3. Are there any announcements by the TA?

4. Are there any announcements by the team?

5. Show progress on the project to the TA

6. Discuss the following points with the TA:
    - Feedback on documentation
    - Discuss the problem with .env on the Docker
    - Discuss what the ReadMe should contain
    - Discuss warnings on the pipeline
    - Discuss if our integration testing are enough or valid
    - Discuss what is left and what is achievable
    - Last advices?

7. Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?
8. Closure
